Hi,
    Apology if you get this message more than once via different
channels.

Our next face-to-face Community of Edinburgh Research Software
Engineers (CERSE) meeting will take place at 3pm in room B-006
(Basement seminar room) at the Roslin Institute. There will be a
series of pertinent talks until 4 followed by an optional networking
session with light refereshments courtesy of Digital Research
Services.

Note that the venue has a number of constraints:

 o University of Edinburgh affiliated visitors will be required to
   wear their University of Edinburgh badge.  External visitors
   (not University of Edinburgh affiliated) will be required to
   sign in at Reception, and pick up a visitor's ID badge.

 o Please get in touch if you are mobility impaired so that a
   Personal Emergency Evacuation Plan (PEEP) can be sorted before
   your visit otherwise you will be restricted to the ground floor
   and not be able to attend the event. Let us know if you have any
    other special needs.

 o Parking: Parking is free of charge. However, cars need to be
   registered at Reception to avoid a parking ticket.

Anyone who is involved with, or interested in, the development,
use, support or management of research software is very welcome to
attend.

o 15:00 - Welcome: CERSE and Digital Research Services, 
          Sarah Janac (Research Facilitator, CMVM)
o 15:10 - RSEs and resources at EPCC, 
          Mario Antonioletti (Software Architect, EPCC)
o 15:20 - Covid-19 data modelling at Roslin, 
          Anthony Wood (Post-doctoral Research Fellow, Roslin Institute)
o 15:30 - Wellcome Data Prize for digital tool development, 
          Aja Murray (Reader, Psychology)
o 15:40 - DataVault for data preservation, 
          Pauline Ward and Team (Research Data Support)
o 15:50 - Ice breaker (opportunity to get to know your fellow attendees) 
o 16:00 - Coffee and biscuits - Networking session                                  
o 16:45 - Close                                                                     

If anyone would like to volunteer a venue for a future meeting,
would like to be involved in the organisation of such meetings or
would like to speak at a future meeting then please get in touch.
Our next meeting will probably be in June and will be a virtual 
meeting.

To get a number for catering requirements please register. Also
note that we are limited to 40 attendees due to venue constraints.
If you know you are not going to be able to attend please cancel
your order so someone else can attend. Link:

https://www.eventbrite.co.uk/e/cerse-meeting-at-roslin-tickets-625345574447

Further information: https://github.com/cerse/2023-05-31-Roslin

Please circulate to anyone in the Edinburgh area who you think may be
interested.

